OK so hopefully you were able to get the chance for this challenge.
So let's take a look at the solution.
For this we need to select data from our films table so select store from films and if we run this query
you can see we have a id column name column and then a length in column.
So this length in column is in minutes.
So this is the one we want to filter on when we want our films that are over two hours long.
So we can add a WHERE clause here and we can say where length men are so the length men column is greater
than 120.
So two hours went on in 20 minutes.
And if we run this query now it just returns the four films which are over two hours in length.
So we have Blade Runner 2049 Geo's still on murder on the Orient Express and Blade Runner.
And you could have also been more precise in which columns you returned.
You could have just selected film or you could have just selected name from the films table and that
would have just returned the name caller.
Or you could have written and select name and length men which would give you the name of the film and
then also the length of the film the ID column isn't particularly important for this challenge.
So that's the solution for this challenge.
Hopefully you were able to get the answer but if you weren't and you have a few questions on it then
please ask in the Q&A section and I'll get back to you.
But for now let's move on to the next challenge.